+++
title = "Associate Members"
description = "The People"
date = "2022-07-08"
aliases = ["about-us", "about-hugo", "contact"]
author = "Hugo Authors"
+++


Human Pangenome Reference Consortium is an international effort focused on developing an inclusive collection of human reference genomes that represent human haplotype diversity and the tool ecosystem needed to fully utilize this resource. The consortium welcomes the participation of all additional academic, industry partners and non-profit organizations. The value for these members is a highly interactive research environment that involves many aspects of the Human Pangenome Reference Research.

* Data Availability – All data contributed to or generated by the HPRC will be made publicly available for research purposes.
* Data Use – All data contributed to or generated by the HPRC will be available for general research use.
* Analyses and Assembly – Contributions to literature curation, disease/gene association efforts, variant level pathogenicity determinations, or other activities undertaken by collaborators are encouraged. All results will be made freely and publicly available.
* Non-endorsement – Collaborating with HPRC does not imply endorsement of the product or the collaborator by the NIH.
* Non-exclusivity – Collaborators will not have exclusive agreements with the HPRC project for any activity they undertake as part of their involvement in the project.
* Publication – All collaborators are expected to abide by the HPRC publication policy.
* Information Form – All HPRC collaborators must complete the HPRC Associate Membership Information Form and return it to the HPRC Coordinating Center. Our purpose in collecting this information is help distribute information to HPRC members and also to promote cross channel communications by providing a list of associate members on the HPRC web site.

Associate membership applications are available for Principal Investigators and Senior Scientific Leaders of Industry Partners. Once established associate membership status will be extended to laboratory members, graduate students, and post-doctoral members. To apply to become an associate member, please complete and submit [this form](https://humanpangenome.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/HPRC-Associate-Member-Collaboration-Information-Form-V2.0.pdf).

## Current Associate Members

|   | <div style="width: 108px; margin-bottom: 0; color: blue"></div>|
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Hardip Patel, *Australian National University* | Shilpa Garg, *University of Copenhagen* |
| Simon Easteal, *Australian National University* | Ahmad Abou Tayoun, *Al Jalila Children’s Speciality Hospital and Mohammed Bin Rashid University* |
| Jeffrey Rosenfeld, *Rutgers University* | Guillaume Bourque, *McGill University* |
| Steven Salzberg, *Johns Hopkins University* | Corey Watson, *University of Louisville* |
| George Liu, *USDA ARS* | Obed Garcia, *Stanford University* |




